When did you know you were looping?
Didn't know that before. I just found out last time.
Why did they tie up the car? I don't know.
It's just the three of us now. There are also people who used to wear white hats.
Remember what happened the first few loops. If anyone else knew,
I guess I got off the car a long time ago. not excluded,
It’s just that more people know. But now,
All the clues are broken. feel what to do,
Cars will explode. There are so many people in the car,
It is really difficult to fry them one by one.
Now that the white hat person was out, he may be out of the cycle again.
The three of us also got off the car.
After the car exploded
Will we also walk out of the meeting?
Let's have a briefing once I leave
Then I will never eat my wife and daughter again